Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(electronic whoosh)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(hip-hop music playing)
♪ Everything platinum
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Everything platinum. super fresh ♪
♪ Drop and choose. drippin' soft ♪
♪ Straight ooze. on you hoe's and fools ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss
♪ I can't lose. paid the cost to be the boss ♪
♪ I can't lose (uh)
(engine roars)
(metal clanging)
(distorted hip hop music)
♪ Little child
♪ Running wild
♪ Watch a while
♪ You'll see he never smiles yeah ♪
♪ Broken home
♪ Father's gone
♪ Mama's tired
♪ So he's all alone
♪ That's why he chose the road of pimpin' (hey) ♪
♪ That's why he chose the road of pimpin' (oh) ♪
♪ That's why he chose the road of pimpin' ♪
♪ You see my life has always been this way ♪
♪ I didn't choose the streets. they chose me ♪
♪ That's why I'm out here living any way I can ♪
♪ No mama no daddy. I had to raise myself (yeah) ♪
♪ No guidance. no teacher
♪ I had to learn for myself
♪ Every mistake I made. it was a lesson ♪
♪ This pimpin' really been a blessin' ♪
♪ Ain't stressing about nothing ♪
♪ But in the back of his mind he's sayin' ♪
♪ Bitch better have my money
♪ Ooh. yeah
♪ Didn't have to be here
♪ Didn't have no love for me
♪ No I was left inside
♪ R.I.P to the pimp. though
♪ I'm super fly that little child ♪
♪ Young wild boy. man little son ♪
♪ Just a fat mack with a lot of rack ♪
♪ Mister send a bitch on a super run ♪
♪ Cross country shit
♪ I ain't never late.
♪ You can sneak dis'
♪ But that hoe gon' pay
♪ You a super simp. call you Mr. Savior ♪
♪ I'm a cold mac and a bitch can break ya' ♪
♪ Hoe. I'm elevated
♪ Come and celebrate it
♪ Get your nigga hating
♪ He 'a never fade it
♪ He 'a be a fee and I'm a dinosaur ♪
♪ What the hell wrong with y'all little ass boys ♪
♪ You a shit stain
♪ You ain't pimpin'. nigga
♪ You ain't send a bitch
♪ With some drip in nigga
♪ You a actor nigga
♪ You ain't mackin' nigga
♪ You ain't really out here. actor nigga ♪
♪ I'ma country nigga
♪ Cold country nigga
♪ Touched everything with no doubt ♪
♪ I'm super fly. I'm dole-a-mite ♪
♪ I'm Iceberg with my mouth (mouth) ♪
♪ I can break a bitch and I can make a bitch ♪
♪ You a house nigga. you can babysit ♪
♪ This Mac nigga. I'm back nigga ♪
(up tempo funky music)
(funky music continues)
(laughter)
- Young blood?(laughing)
Young blood?
Let a nigga get two dollars.
I'm trying to get home like you.
(chuckling)
You can't hear a nigga? (laughing)
Skinny motherfucker.
(chuckles)
I'm just trying to get home like you. young blood.
Aw. God damn...
Ah.
- You a cop?
- Nah.
- Hmm.
$20. you can do anything you want to me.
- I'm good.
- I. I. I'll take that deal. (laughing)
Gimme that deal. I'll take it.
- I told you. stop messing up my damn business.
- [Hobo] I got coupons.
I know your motherfucking ass like coupons. (laughing)
Ah shit. guess you don't like motherfucking coupons.
- So you down for that 20?
- Told you I'm good.
- Well fuck you then.
Broke ass motherfucker sitting around here.
watching pussy like they got money. You motherfucker...
- [Hobo] Yeah girl. we broke at the bus stop.
We broke than a motherfucker.
Stupid bitch. (laughing)
Young blood. she thought you had money. (laughing)
You gonna be me one day.
Get ready. I'm a have a orientation for you. (laughing)
How to be a hobo.
(slow melodic music)
♪ Come inside and let me talk to you (talk to you) ♪
♪ Girl I know what you've been going through (hey) ♪
♪ You deserve so much more. yes you do (yes you do) ♪
♪ Yes you do baby
♪ Can't believe that you been dealing with this so long ♪
♪ When you know that he been treating you wrong ♪
♪ And you know it (you know it) ♪
♪ But you just let it keep going on (oh yeah) ♪
♪ You let him talk to you crazy (talk to you) ♪
♪ You cheat so (indistinct)
♪ I'm not on no hater shit
♪ But you deserve the best (you deserve the best) ♪
♪ You're so good to me (you're so) ♪
♪ You're my closest friend (you're my closest friend) ♪
♪ I just wanna be there for you girl. until the very end ♪
♪ And I'm gonna give you the world (gonna give you) ♪
♪ He don't deserve you (he don't. he don't) ♪
♪ He don't deserve you (he don't deserve) ♪
(beat switches)
♪ I got you baby
♪ Oh yeah. I got you lady
♪ You don't have to worry about a thing ♪
(water running)
(chaotic screams)
- Hey. hey. come on babe. hey. - Get out!
- Mom?
Mom?
(dark foreboding chord)
(panicked screams)
- If I was on my shit you'll be my bitch. (singing)
If I was on my shit. you'll be my bitch. (singing)
If I was on my shit you'll be my bitch. (singing)
If I was on my shit you you'll be my bitch. (singing)
If I was on my shit. if I was on my shit. (singing)
Let me tell you something.
If I was on my shit you would be my bitch. (laughing)
If I was on my shit. you'll be my bitch. (singing)
(car engine roars)
- Bitch. you know who the fuck I am.
I'm Johnny Crush.
The baddest motherfucker. - What the fuck is wrong
with you? Get the fuck off me!
- [Johnny Crush] What the fuck is wrong with you bitch?
(struggle audibly continues)
(loud thud)
- [Hobo] Yeah you done fucked up now.
- [Johnny Crush] Shit. you know who I am?
Do you know who I am? - I don't give a fuck
who you are.
- [Johnny Crush] Do you know who I am?
- I don't give a fuck who you are.
- [Platinum] Get your bitch ass over here.
Motherfucker. (loud thud)
Bitch. (loud thud)
(thuds increase in frequency)
- [Ice] Just cause you don't see me with a pimp
don't mean I ain't got one bitch.
The fuck you get.
Man fuck you. let's go.
Bitch.
(coughing)
- Bitch. I'm still a pimp.
What you looking at?
Never seen a pimp in distress before?
Shit.
- Fuck.
Damn!
- [Ice] What's wrong?
- This God damn hobo. he took my damn bag man.
Fuck.
- [Ice] Man fuck that bag. come on.
- All my shit was in there man.
- Fuck the bag. let's go.
Come on daddy.
Hey... Hey. get the girls together.
I'm gonna be uh. like 20 minutes out.
I finally found what we're looking for.
So what's your name stranger?
- Paul. - Paul.
- Where are you from Paul?
Cause I can tell you not from Houston.
- San Francisco. - Mm. San Fran.
So what brings you all the way to the H?
- Opportunity.
- Okay.
- Well I'm Ice.
- Ice...
Why they call you Ice?
- Cause I'm a diamond.
- So why not just call you diamond?
(both chuckling)
- There's something special about you.
You special Paul. I can tell it.
I can feel it. (slow hip hop beat)
I know these things.
- So where we headed Ice?
- We're headed home Paul.
♪ Different pedigree. know I gotta eat every chance ♪
♪ Won't let 'em get the upper hand (hey) ♪
♪ Counting. thumbing through the bandz ♪
♪ Bitch exotic and she bad
♪ My weed exotic I can't pass
♪ Took a flight to Japan (hey)
♪ 14 hours on the Xans
♪ Different pedigree know I gotta eat every chance ♪
♪ Won't let him get the upper hand (hey) ♪
♪ Counting. thumbing through the bandz ♪
♪ Bitch exotic and she bad
- This...
Is my crew. my team.
These are the diamonds.
All right. so that's Clydesdale.
(bells chiming)
Where's Mink?
- [Clydesdale] She ain't here.
- Course she ain't here.
All right. Don't even worry about that.
This sexy bitch right here. that's Doll.
And then this is Silk.
- Silk? - Mm hmm...
- Why they call her Silk?
(hip hop beat)
That. feels like... - [Silk] Silk I know.
- And where the fuck you been?
- Working. fuck.
- You were supposed to be here.
- And? I'm here.
- You know what? It don't even matter.
Mink. this is Paul.
- So?
- He's gonna be our new pimp.
- If he can hang.
- Nah. I don't see it.
- Well it's not for you to see.
So sit the fuck back. follow the fucking line.
and shut the fuck up.
Sorry about that. Mink is a wild card.
But she gets money and that's what we do around here.
That we. we get money.
- See the problem is.
for the past two years we've been working
together getting money.
And every time we think we gonna make it somewhere big.
some pimp or cop comes along. beats us up.
and takes all of our money.
- We the baddest diamonds in the South
and we barely got shit to show for it.
- Diamonds?
- That's just what Ice calls us.
- Why?
- Because to call us anything else is disrespectful
to the value of our pussies.
♪ Tell me what you thinking
- And y'all want me to. play like I'm y'all pimp?
- No no no. not pretend. we want you to be our pimp.
- See? Look at him.
He don't know the first thing about being a pimp.
- I can teach you.
- I don't know Ice.
- So I'm supposed to learn how to pimp from a woman?
- Who better to teach you?
- And don't call us women. call us bitches or diamonds.
See if you gonna be a pimp. you gotta talk like a pimp.
Okay?
And then second we gotta clean you up.
(slow hip hop music)
- Yo. so. how long it take for one nigga to get clean?
- [Ice] I'm gonna go check on him.
(door squeaks)
You okay in here?
Okay I'm coming in.
What's wrong?
You don't like taking showers? What's going on?
(dark dissonant chord)
- Shut up. Shut up. (shouting)
(panicked shout)
(electric guitar melody)
(chaotic screams)
- Get off me. (shouting)
(electric guitar continues)
- [Ice] Say goodbye to Paul.
- [Paul] What we doing here?
- [Ice] Getting our hair done.
- [Platinum] How's getting our hair done
supposed to teach me how to pimp?
- [Ice] No it's not. but it's gonna teach you how to
talk like one.
Come on. let's go.
- How you doing? It's a little chilly outside.
Don't go out there without no coat.
What's going on honey? (laughing)
Introducing. introducing... (laughing)
- [Sexy Dexter] What's up buddy?
What's happening. what's happening.
what's happening? (laughter)
- My coat. playa.
You know what it is. - [Sexy Dexter] Sure.
(laughing)
- How y'all doing bro?
- You know what's happening. - What's happening?
Talk to me. - Ain't nothing but pimpin'.
- All right. pimpin'. pimpin'. pimpin'.
- So the other day. this bitch come up to me
all happy and shit.
This janky motherfucker on her arm
and her hand on her hip.
She say Fan. I wasn't on the track today
because I got married.
- Bitch is lazy. bitch is lazy. bitch is lazy.
- [Fan] I slapped that bitch and I put my foot
in his funky ass.
I didn't tell that bitch she could get married.
Shit I made her get her ass up
and get right back on the track.
I put his ass to work right next to her.
Shit y'all married. get my money together you feel me?
- That's what you supposed to do.
That's pimpin'. - [Fan] Shit.
- Nigga what?
- [Ice] Gentlemen. gentlemen. this is Platinum.
Mm hmm...
Daddy. this is my pimp.
Platinum this is my real daddy. his name is Fly Ass Nigga
but everybody calls him Fan.
- So this is your dad?
- [Ice] Yeah. - Yeah.
- And I taught this little bitch
everything she know.
From the looks of it. she still ain't
got the shit locked down. - [Ice] All right now
this is Mike The Brain.
Now he don't just talk to bitches.
He make bitches think about they whole life.
- [Mike The Brain] Yeah. dope you know?
Go on now.
- Now that. is Sexy Dexter for obvious reasons.
But this is Money On Black.
- [Sexy Dexter] Stylist too man.
- [Ice] Now. this my Uncle Ike.
- [Ike] Okay... - [Ice] Aka Ike The Barber.
- [Ike] I see you finally... Hold on man. hold on pimpin'.
I ain't tell you to sit down yet man. hold on man.
You know what I'm saying?
Now you can sit down man. come on.
See you finally got you one. huh?
Yeah. what's your name pimpin'?
What's your name?
- [Platinum] Platinum. Man where you from man?
- [Platinum] San Francisco. - San Francisco?
There's a lot of pimps out there man.
Lemme tell you one thing. there's two things
a pimp ain't never seen.
A UFO and a hoe that won't go.
Plus it gonna sell when cotton and corn won't.
You heard me man?
- Motherfucker. I told the bitch the other day.
Bitch. you know I talk with a lisp bitch.
That's why you could really hear the slick in my talk bitch.
That's why you don't really understand what the fuck I'm
saying.
(laughing)
- Lemme tell you what pimpin' is all about.
- [Mike The Brain] Talk to 'em. talk to 'em playa.
You gotta let the bitch know. that you run the show.
If it ain't so. a bitch gotta go.
(laughing)
That's all I'm saying man.
I ain't playing I'm serious about this pimpin' shit.
(laughing)
Right on.
- You know. like I told my wife the God damn other day.
Bitch you got to understand this pimpin'.
You got to breathe this pimpin'. you understand me?
You got to feel this pimpin'. shit.
- I tell the bitch to (indistinct).
And the bitch gon' hoe for me all God damn day.
(laughing)
That's what I'm saying. I'm talking about God damn
Pluto. God damn Jupiter. Mars back to my grandma house.
Get my shit right.
Or I'm gonna have to put a knife in your gut.
Okay. get my shit right. before I have a knife in your gut.
Come on now.
I'm premium now. I'm premium. Get it right.
I stab hoe's and niggas.
- I get nervous and get anxiety when
I ain't got a bitch to slap.
I wanna slap a bitch right now.
Slap a hoe. I'm all... I'm going in cold sweats
if I can't slap a bitch within 24 hours. you understand me?
- I slap barber's. I slap the preacher. I slapped
the God damn (indistinct) for fucking up my sleep.
Don't play with me now.
(laughing)
You see what you do... As soon as I put my motherfucking
hand through a God damn straight weave
I feel like slapping a what?
A bitch... (laughter)
Don't play with me.
- Before you fuck around and get smacked.
Boy you see how quick that God damn backhand come?
It's up there. you see that there bitch?
I work out. that's the only reason
I drink Smoothie King bitch.
Is to get the hoe bitch.
So I can understand to get that protein
so that God damn slapper be on your God damn ass bitch.
I wake up on the slapper bitch...
- Pimp nigga. pimp pimp pimp! (laughter)
I pimp 'til my God damn weave fall off.
This ain't my hair nigga.
I got my hair braided under this.
(laughing)
- Bitch that's why I keep sparklers on my shoes.
That way I can identify that bitch outside
and kick down her ass.
You understand me?
Nigga. follow the God damn sprinkler bitch.
Fuck you know what I mean?
Yes sir.
- I swear to God. this here in my blood. (deeper voice)
It ain't gonna never run... (startled cries)
- [Sexy Dexter] Nigga that ain't your real voice.
- My bad...
My bad. my bad. Damn I slipped up. I slipped up nigga.
I said I slipped up. I slipped up.
Pimps fuck up too. I'm back to my God damn squeaky voice.
(laughing)
Pimpin'...
- So what you think?
- I'm thinking I can learn a lot in there.
Them boys got game.
- Mm hmm.
All right. come on let's go.
(melodic hip hop beat)
(mumbling)
- We got shit. we got shit.
- [Silk] We got some nice stuff.
- Aw yeah. that's nice.
What's that. that's fox? - [Mink] Come on.
Come on. you know me.
It's Mink baby.
- So what's next?
- [Both] We get to sample the product. (laughing)
- [Mink] Yes. come on. Cause I've been looking
forward to this... - [Ice] Calm down.
- I'll calm 'em down but they're right.
We got to show you how we do what we do.
And then you got to impress us.
- Impress you?
- If you can't impress us. how you gonna get other diamonds?
- All right. so everybody out.
Until it's your turn. let's go...
(snapping fingers)
- So who's gonna go first? - [Ice] I said everybody out.
Who's going first?
- Bitch who the fuck you think?
Oh...
Okay that's good.
That's... That's really good.
I'm really really really impressed.
So let me tell you... - I got it from here.
Take your motherfucking clothes off.
(slow hip hop beat)
♪ Hey y'all it's (indistinct)
♪ Hold up
♪ Bustin' out the seams on me now ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Bags in my jeans now
♪ Bustin' out the seams on me now ♪
♪ Bustin' out the seams on me
♪ We got homie on this shit
♪ Bag's in my jeans now
♪ Bustin' out the seams on me now ♪
♪ Gave the bitch a bean now
♪ She licking and she fucking on me wow ♪
♪ Favorite color green now
♪ Fuck her. have her makin' Chinese sounds ♪
♪ Living my dream now
♪ They didn't wanna. I bet they believe now ♪
♪ Bags in my jeans now
♪ Busting out the seams on me now ♪
♪ Gave the bitch a bean now
♪ She licking and she fucking on me wow ♪
♪ Favorite color green now
♪ Fuck her. have her makin' Chinese sounds ♪
♪ Living my dream now
♪ They didn't wanna. I bet they believe now ♪
♪ Bet they gon' gimme some money ♪
♪ Niggas acting funny
♪ I can't trip. I knew it was comin' (hey) ♪
♪ Show me that you want me
♪ Shawty get that booty naked
♪ Shawty going dumb (hey)
♪ All I ever wanted was a rider ♪
♪ Guess she didn't wanna stick around for me ♪
♪ Now she passing (hey)
♪ Bitch I need paper. not plastic ♪
♪ Bounce that thick (indistinct). ♪
♪ I spent 12.500 hours
♪ Writing in my cell
♪ I was getting in practice (hey) ♪
♪ Coach told me I'm a have a couple fo' I go ♪
♪ Got the type of talent these niggas can't imagine ♪
♪ Said I'm not average
♪ Jumped off the map to go get it ♪
♪ I jumped back I have it
♪ Who want the status
♪ (indistinct)
♪ Shoot the shot. the cap is backwards ♪
♪ Wake up. ain't got no time to lay up (ain't got no time) ♪
♪ Back out your hoe I can't save her (back out your hoe) ♪
♪ Gotta go get out and get to this paper (to this paper) ♪
♪ I was broke I was fresh out the penny ♪
♪ I'm grateful for things I was getting ♪
♪ But shawty be chilling
(moaning)
- That's right.
This Platinum shit. huh?
- [Silk] Oh. Platinum. (moaning)
(loud smack)
- So.
diamonds...
Did I pass?
- [Ice] Hell yeah.
- [Silk] Hell yeah.
- Hell yeah you passed.
- [Ice] Oh shit. (laughing)
- [Platinum] What you reading?
- A book.
- Sucking your thumb. reading a book. waiting on the bus?
- Yep.
- You should come home with me.
- I don't know Ice.
Maybe the man just ain't got it.
Pimps are born not made.
- No. no. no. no. no.
I'm telling you I can see it in his eyes.
That man's a pimp by blood.
Just watch. you'll see. Trust me.
- [Male In Car] Hey. what's up?
- What's up?
- You want a ride?
- You a cop?
- No I ain't no cop.
Just a man with a pocket full of money.
Who wanna give a beautiful young lady like you a ride.
So what's up?
- Mm hmm. yeah. Get the fuck outta here cops.
- What?
- Hey what fuck was that?
The fuck is this bitch do...
- What?
- You know what? Come on.
What the fuck was that?
- He was a cop.
- Man that's not a fucking cop. that's Vincent.
- Well Vincent is a cop.
- He's not...
Vincent looks like a soccer dad.
but that nigga pays like a fucking millionaire.
What the fu...
Beat this bitch ass.
- Wait. what?
- Three cars don' drove up to this bitch
and she hasn't hopped it in one of them.
- Yeah that's cause this life ain't for her.
- He right Ice...
- Man shut the fuck up nobody's talking to you.
What you mean this life ain't for her?
She out here ain't she? - Yeah but look at her.
she's fine. she's smart.
Look like she come from a decent family.
- I do.
- You think the streets give a fuck
about why she's out here?
The fact is she's here. and while she's here. she's gonna
act a-fucking-ccordingly.
Now beat this bitch ass.
(funky music)
- Come here. come here. - [Silk] Okay...
(grunts) (panicked cries)
Don't ever motherfucking play with me.
Do you understand that? I don't fucking play.
- [Silk] Okay... - [Platinum] Lemme tell you
something bitch. look at me.
I feel like you trying to play me.
You trying to play with Platinum huh?
You're gonna play with Platinum?
Look at me bitch. Look at me.
You think you gonna play with Platinum?
Huh?
You gonna fucking
play with platinum? - [Silk] No!
I don't play... - [Silk] No
- [Platinum] Get over here...
Nah huh uh. nah. I feel like you trying to play me.
- [Silk] I'm not trying to play you.
- [Platinum] You trying to... You don't fucking
play with Platinum... - [Silk] I'm not.
- [Platinum] You don't fucking play.
Look at me bitch. look at me.
Lemme tell you something.
It's two motherfucking things I don't play about.
That's my money and my motherfucking honey.
Bitch you ain't gonna fuck up any one of them.
you understand... - [Silk] Okay. okay.
- [Platinum] Nah bitch it ain't okay.
Don't you fucking tell me it's okay.
You don't fucking play with me. (cries)
You don't fucking... Bitch you don't....
You don't play with me... - [Silk] Okay.
- That's right Platinum. you gotta beat these bitches
when they get out of motherfucking pocket.
Just like that. - [Silk] Okay Platinum.
(strained grunting)
- [Silk] Okay Platinum. (crying)
- Yeah. you ready now.
(hip hop beat)
(indistinct whisper)
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure ♪
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I Pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure ♪
♪ Two kids. two dads. one brother. one mad ♪
♪ So I do what I do just to get to the bag ♪
♪ If I make an excuse. ain't no one gon' be sad. ♪
♪ 24 seven. 365. create what I want ♪
♪ Right in front of my eyes
♪ I live by the laws of we telling no lies ♪
♪ And God is inside
♪ I live in disguise
♪ Why you surprised bitch I'm praying for this ♪
♪ When they thought I was crazy ♪
♪ I still took risks
♪ Look back like how did I handle this ♪
♪ I tripled my double with no assist ♪
♪ If I ever seeing pressure it made me get better ♪
♪ Survived every season I faded my weather ♪
♪ The blessings keep raining no need for umbrellas ♪
♪ It seem like the summer
♪ My ice just start melting
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me. ♪
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure ♪
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure ♪
♪ This for the fly girls
♪ That's living in color
♪ You dancing your way to the magic ♪
♪ Goddess type face with that heavenly waist ♪
♪ But your struggles done made you a savage ♪
♪ Well above average not just a bad bitch ♪
♪ Raised off that cornbread. raised off that cabbage ♪
♪ A nigga be stupid. not take your delivery ♪
♪ Baby you perfect lil package (you know) ♪
♪ The pressure I treat it like jewelers ♪
♪ Preparing the diamond
♪ Look in my eyes and you swear you gon' mine it ♪
♪ Designed to be shining. relaxed and reclining ♪
♪ I try not to rush in this all in good timing ♪
♪ No tick tock on that wrist watch ♪
♪ I'm on full speed but no pit stop ♪
♪ T S E on that drip drop
♪ I'm from H-Town where we drop tops ♪
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure ♪
♪ I'm in these streets 24 seven ♪
♪ Pray to God that I go to heaven ♪
♪ I pray to God I go to heaven
♪ Can't let a random disrespect me ♪
- Welcome. welcome. welcome...
♪ My women gettin' it ain't no pressure. ♪
- Welcome ladies. to your new rest spot.
- So. no more shitty hotels?
- Nah. you eat. you shit. then you get the fuck out.
Y'all understand me?
There ain't but two things I need from y'all
every motherfucking month.
And that's to get off ass and give me my cash.
Now find your motherfucking bedroom.
What you think about this?
Look how ungrateful they is.
- I saw her (indistinct)
- Look. you're going to the top from here. you hear me?
(slow melodic music)
♪ Reachin'. I might just RIP ya ♪
♪ (indistinct)
♪ And you not gang you aint gang ♪
♪ You can't call me either
♪ I take your girl and fuck her good ♪
♪ She thinks she (indistinct)
♪ Don't play me play with your PO ♪
♪ Nigga. you reachin' I might just RIP ya ♪
♪ (indistinct)
♪ And you not gang you ain't gang ♪
♪ You can't call me either
♪ I take your girl. I fuck her good ♪
♪ She think she (indistinct)
♪ Don't play with me. play with your PO ♪
♪ I don't know what to call you niggas ♪
♪ Gotta watch who you call your niggas ♪
♪ Coz' these folks be snakes I hear no cap ♪
♪ That's why I don't follow niggas ♪
♪ And I hear all the critics
♪ I catch them subliminals
♪ They can't catch all the criminals ♪
♪ Keep that talking to a minimum ♪
♪ The shit I'm smoking is medicinal ♪
♪ They say they love us unconditional ♪
♪ That's the one you pay attention to ♪
♪ My brother chopping with the minerals ♪
♪ The shit I write is so original ♪
- Nigga you praying?
(muffled squeal)
♪ You reachin' I might just RIP ya ♪
♪ (indistinct)
♪ If you not gang you ain't gang ♪
♪ You can't call me either
♪ I take your girl. I fuck her good ♪
♪ She think she's (indistinct)
♪ Don't play with me. play with your PO ♪
♪ I don't know what to call these niggas ♪
♪ These folks be snakes I hear no cap ♪
♪ That's why I don't
♪ Huh. huh. huh. yeah
♪ Yeah yeah yeah
♪ Gotta wait (indistinct)
- Silk come on. I don't understand what
the problem is. - I fucking told you I don't
wanna fucking do this shit.
- I have been waiting so long
for you. - I don't give a fuck
about that bullshit. - Just get in the car...
- Hey. hey. get the fuck up off me. God damn...
I said no.
- I have paid hard earned money for this Silk.
- [Platinum] Excuse me.
Is there a problem over here?
- Yeah. there's a problem.
Are you her pimp?
- Nah. I'm just a concerned citizen.
- Well concerned citizen.
I paid her to do a job. A job she's now refusing to do.
(dark foreboding chord)
- Look. I don't understand.
So. you're refusing to do a job that you got paid for
which is obviously your job in the first place?
- Yeah. - Why?
- Because she's a fucking unprofessional bitch.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Come here baby.
What's wrong hm?
- His dick is ugly. - [Platinum] What?
- That's bullshit. - I'm telling you Platinum.
It's the ugliest thing you've ever seen
in your fucking life.
- What does the appearance of my...
Penis have to do with this?
She's a hooker. I paid her.
- I don't give a fuck how much money you pay me.
You can have that shit back.
- Whoa. whoa. hold up baby.
we ain't giving a motherfucking thing back.
Look.
I got an idea.
Why don't you just. pick one of my other girls out here?
- I don't want any of your other girls.
I want her. I fantasize about her.
But every time I come by here somebody else scoops her up
and drives off with her.
But not today. today I got her.
and I'm not leaving until I get to be with her.
- Let me see it.
- Let you see what?
My dick? - Yes your dick.
Pull your dick out let me see the motherfucker.
Oh... Shit. pull that bullshit up man.
God damn. - Come. come...
I don't care what it costs. I need to be with her.
- It's up to you.
- Two grand. and I ain't sucking that shit.
- Two grand. you got it.
But I have to stop by the ATM first. is that okay?
- That's fine nigga. and you had better not cry.
- Watch yourself man.
- No problems.
Come on. get in. (train siren)
- Say baby girl. what we doing tonight?
- Whatever you wanna do.
- All right. well come on get in.
- What's up with the outfit?
- What you mean?
Man come on. get in the car. come on.
- I know you're not a pimp.
- What are you talking about?
Come on get in the car.
- I got a pimp.
- Look it ain't even nothing like that man.
I'm just trying to see what you're doing. and I'm paying.
Come on.
(train rustling on tracks)
- Okay now.
(hip hop music in background)
- Mink.
calm your ass down.
Yeah. your ass wouldn't be in that position now
if you had to listen to us in the first place.
Hey. I hope he paying for that.
Take that shit in the bedroom.
- Yo man. I need talk to you about my shop man.
- [Platinum] It ain't your shop no more Fan.
- [Fan] Y'all too loud with all the dancing and strobe
lights though.
- That's what she wants man.
Hey. I hope he paid for that now.
- You leaving your own wedding reception?
- Yeah I gotta pick Mink dumb ass up outta jail.
♪ Bet a hoe be a hoe. be a hoe
♪ She runnin' game. she acting like she runnin' things ♪
♪ She really think she runnin' things ♪
♪ I'm a holla at her friend like Major Payne ♪
♪ Ain't got much to say
♪ I know she smoked more than one today ♪
♪ When it come to this I don't wanna pay ♪
♪ When it come to that I forgot her name ♪
♪ Ain't shit changed but the hairstyle ♪
♪ See this girl everywhere
♪ We still in the sky y'all
♪ We stay high like Airfare
♪ She down to earth. she love to ♪
(moans)
- [Platinum] Wow. shit.
(moaning)
- You bad.
God damn baby.
Fuck.
- I love you.
And I know I'm not supposed to say that but.
fuck could I do?
Well what the fuck nigga?
- Bitch you know I love you.
Stop playing with me.
Know God damn well. come here.
With your lil pretty ass.
You know a nigga love you.
Hmm?
- Right now get the fuck out.
- What'd I do?
- Nothing. that's the problem.
This shit don't stop for us.
- You right baby.
Let me get outta here and get this money.
(funky music)
(engine roaring)
- Hey. what's good?
- So you wanna buy wine baby?
- You already know it.
You know what I'm here for.
Ice need some of that uh.
Mississippi Pimpin'. - Mississippi Pimpin'.
I'll be right back. - All good.
(dark foreboding chords)
Do I know you man?
Bitch I said do I know you?
- Um...
Um no...
I'm sorry.
You just. you look very familiar to me. that's all.
I apologize.
Um... I'm...
Thinking a...
About. um...
(loud thud)
- Motherfucker.
- I got little Scotland in my family.
A little England in my family.
I got a little British in my family.
Wait. wait. wait. hold on. wait. wait.
Hold on. wait a minute.
Why y'all walking by y'all self?
Matter of fact. don't even worry about that.
I gotta mind my business. just let me get a dollar?
(laughs)
Let me get a dollar? Look. look by the time I turn around.
the dollar need to be in my hand. (laughing)
Cause I'm the man with the plan.
Oh okay there we go. there we go.
Thank you. God gon' bless y'all.
I promise. I swear to God. uh huh it's all there.
- Are you sure this is a good idea?
- A good idea? Kenya. this is a great idea.
We wanna score drugs. right?
- Yeah. - Okay then. this is how
we gonna do it. We come through.
fuck a few dope boys real good.
And then we get the drugs for life.
- And you did this before?
- Bitch I did it just last week.
And the only reason why I ain't came back yet.
is cause I ain't had to.
Now think about that Kenya.
And imagine how much drugs we gonna get with both of us
turning these little young dope boys out.
- Jewel. you a genius.
- Yes.
- Okay. I'm ready. - Come on.
- [Mink] Hey handsome. come holla at me.
Hey baby. what you got?
You got a gun? You a cop?
(indistinguishable mumbling)
I thought you was a God damn cop.
- Mink. what you doing out here?
Man you making the block hot. What you doing out here?
- If you don't get your black ass
from over here while I'm out here working.
- Man. fuck all that.
Take your ass back over there man.
- Sponge. I'm making money here
y'all making money
over there. - Man. you got the
block hot man.
Take your ass back over there man.
- What the fuck...
Listen... - Man get your ass over...
- Motherfucker. you do not own this fucking street.
I stand where the fuck I wanna stand.
You not the stand police.
- Man. look. look. look - And stop touching me.
- [Sponge] Man look. - [Mink] I just fucking told
you to stop touching me. - [Sponge] Man fuck all that.
I don't own the street but I know who does.
And he ain't gonna be too thrilled when he find out you
making all this here commotion.
- You keep acting like you don't know who the fuck I am.
- Hey. how's business?
- Ooh. I bet those things must make you a lot of money.
- [Kenya] Hey. how you doing?
- Get away from me bitches.
- Get your black motherfucking ass outta here.
I'm. I'm working bitch.
I'm working. move. - Man fuck all that.
Get your ass back over there.
- [Mink] Nigga. I stand where the fuck I wanna stand.
- [Sponge] Man take your ass over here.
- [Jukie] Everybody's safe. everybody got this money.
- [Jewel] Hey. your name is Jukie right?
- Yeah. who you?
- [Sponge] Look. I know. I know...
- I just fucking told you to stop touching me.
- [Sponge] Man...
Find out you making all
this commotion out here. - [Mink] You act like you
don't know who the fuck I am.
Bitch I'm Mink.
- You don't remember me?
- Nah bitch. I don't know you.
- [Sponge] Man fuck all that. - [Mink] I told your ass.
not to touch me. - Man what nigga?
- Okay. you don't remember this ass?
And you were sucking all on my tit...
Okay you know what? It don't even matter.
- You know not to touch my diamonds.
- My bad Platinum.
seemed like your diamond here don't know the rules.
No whoring in the trap.
- Sex. for an eight ball.
But only this time. I brought my friend.
Turn around bestie. (screaming)
She fine ain't she?
- Word gets out about this. he gonna drown both of ya.
- [Jukie] Man. y'all step off...
(chaotic rumblings)
- Bitch. (gunshot)
- [Jewel] Hold on. hold on. hold on.
We gonna do this or what?
- [Jukie] Nah man. get back with that hoe shit.
- [Kenya] Uh. we not hoe's.
- [Jukie] Bitch come back when you got some money.
- [Platinum] Hold on fellas. hold on man.
Easy. easy fellas.
Now. before y'all do something stupid. listen.
I'm aware that I could die at any second now.
Oh but you best believe that I'm a take two or three of you
motherfuckers with me.
- Go.
Go.
Platinum. you shoulda let me kill you.
When Word hear about this. everybody you know in danger.
- God damn Mink.
I done told your ignorant ass.
Why you gotta be so God damn stubborn man?
We told you. no hoe's near the trap house.
It's bad for they business.
What part of that you don't understand?
- Man what about our business?
Our business is where the money is
and that fucking trap house. that's where our money is.
Don't get mad at me cause I'm shining like a diamond.
Man fuck that shit.
- Well look man. you gonna have to stay
off the streets until I can have a sit down with The Word
and convince him not to kill us both.
Cause you wanna be ignorant.
(engine roars)
(train rustling on tracks)
- Get your ignorant ass in there. ignorant ass bitch.
- Yo Platinum?
Come holla at me young money.
- Not right now Fan.
Bitch sit your ignorant ass down.
You better not say shit to no motherfucker in here.
Oh I wish you would smoke a cigarette.
I crack your motherfucking forehead.
Now light that motherfucker if you want to.
with your bad ass
Ignorant ass bitch.
- What's happenin' captain?.
- Man. you got it baby you know.
It's all honey and money with me man.
- Is it?
- Yeah.
- [Fan] Cause I'm hearing things man.
- What you hearing?
- I heard you killed Sponge
cause you can't keep Mink in check.
- Man that's some bullshit man.
That ain't how it happened. but Sponge is definitely dead.
- Really?
You know The Word not happy about that.
- You talked to him?
- [Fan] Yeah I did.
- What'd he say.
- [Fan] Nigga I just told you what he said.
He not happy about it.
- He'll be all right man listen.
just set up a meeting with me and The Word.
Let him know man. I wanna sit down
and talk to him and handle this like gentlemen.
- [Sexy Dexter] I don't think he's in a discussing mood.
Sponge was one of his best soldiers.
The Word ain't like them other dope boys.
He handles shit a little different.
He don't like all that confrontation and retaliation.
He just confronts and retaliates.
- Just set up the meeting with me and The Word.
I got it from there baby.
What you doing?
- Man I told you Mink was a liability.
Why you fucking with her like that? I told you.
- [Platinum] It wasn't her.
It was Sponge. he started talking crazy to me.
Then he gon' tell me. that The Word was gon' drown me.
And that triggered something in me baby.
I can fix this.
- You can't fix this.
The Word's gonna kill you. and then he's gonna kill me.
Cause I brought you into this shit.
We gotta leave town.
- Listen.
your father already set up a meeting with me and The Word.
Now. if something happen to me in that meeting.
just know that you and the diamonds. y'all good.
- What the fuck?
You're so fucking naive.
But I fucking love you.
Come on.
- Listen...
Listen to me.
I'm not fucking naive.
Trust me. listen to me.
Look at me. - Okay...
- Look at me.
I'm not fucking naive. Do you understand me?
I kill everything in this motherfucker up
before I let something happen to you.
Do you hear me? - I hear you.
- Do you fucking hear me man? - I hear you.
- I kill everything up in this motherfucking city
before I let something happen to you baby.
Do you understand? - I understand.
- You with me? - I'm with you.
- I'll kill everything in this motherfucking city
before I let something happen to you baby.
You with me.
- Aight. where that bitch at?
- Yo man. where Mink at?
- [Ike] Man. that bitch just left man.
- Man what the fuck? Fuck this ignorant ass bitch man.
- It's okay daddy. you gon' find her.
- Man. y'all worrying about that bitch Mink man?
With her bullshit.
We got other shit to worry about man.
The Word ain't bull shittin'
with none of us... - Fuck The Word nigga!
Give a fuck about no motherfucking Word nigga.
- Oh you tough now?
- Yeah nigga these Platinum's streets.
Nigga you better ask about me nigga.
- Man you with
that bullshit. - Nigga fuck you.
And fuck The Word too nigga.
Any motherfucker that got something to say.
You tell them to come see me nigga.
These my motherfucking
streets. - Man calm down with that old
tough guy ass shit. - Nigga fuck you nigga.
- Nigga fuck you nigga.
With that bullshit man get the fuck out my face.
- Nigga fuck you nigga. Make me get out your face.
You gonna die today bitch. - Keep on man.
Think you tough out here man?
- Yeah. you better ask about me nigga.
I don't see
nothing nigga. - Man you and your bitch
better get out my face. - You steady talkin'
bout another nigga. What a nigga gon'
do nigga. - Man listen man...
Ain't no nigga gon' do nothing to me
and ain't no nigga gon' do nothing to
none of my bitches nigga.
You let them know. that Platinum said that nigga.
Fuck The Word nigga. (shouting)
I don't give a a fuck about no Word nigga. (shouting)
I'm that motherfucking nigga. (shouting)
You better ask about me nigga. - Man.
go along with that motherfucking shit you pulling man.
- Monkey motherfucker. - Man get out my face
with that. - Nigga fuck you nigga.
Monkey ass nigga.
(engine roaring)
(slow melodic music)
♪ This is another
- [Kenya] What the fuck is you doing?
- Nothing.
- [Kenya] Man I need to get high like ASAP.
Why you look so guilty?
- Just chilling. I'm waiting on you baby.
- [Jewel] Can I keep this? - Hell nah. you can't
keep it.
- Girl take that shit to your room okay?
- Thank you bestie.
I love you. - I love you too.
- How was your day?
- It was kinda eventful. you got candles and champagne...
Thank you.
- I got something special for you up in here.
- Oh really? - Yeah.
- [Kenya] Okay. I can't wait.
(voices in background)
- [Female] She's in the house?
- [Kid] Yeah. - [Female] She's in my house?
- [Kid] Yeah. there's (indistinct) in my house.
- [Female] Oh she's in
your house? - [Kid] Yeah.
- [Female] Where you live at? - [Kid] I'm (indistinct).
- [Female] You got money? - [Kid] Yeah.
- [Female] You ain't got no money.
You ain't got no money? - [Kid] Yeah.
(indistinct mumbling)
- [Female] Your grandma gave you money?
- [Mink] Hey handsome.
- Let's go baby.
- Hey now. you uh... What you looking for?
You police?
- Nah I'm not the police.
- What you look... How much time do you want?
- You got a room?
- Yeah.
- You can get in.
So where's it at?
- [Mink] Where's what?
- The room.
- [Mink] Bust a U-turn and make a right at the light.
(engine furiously revving)
(tires squealing)
- [Mink] Oh shit. okay just calm down when they get...
- [Both] Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- [Male In Car] Come on man. okay. okay. okay.
Hey don't. don't shoot me.
Don't kill me.
I only got a little bit of money.
- [Mink] No. no. no. no.
- I have two daughters man.
I'm a girl's dad. - Shut the fuck up.
- Okay.
- [Mink] No no no no no no no...ú
- I got two daughters man.
- [Mink] I'm sorry. (loud thud)
(tearful cries)
(intense thuds)
(crying continues)
(slow hip hop beat)
♪ Don't know what I was thinking ♪
♪ Don't have no other reason
♪ To be saying that crazy shit I was saying to you ♪
♪ I don't want you to think that I'm crazy ♪
♪ And you know I aint on that fugazi ♪
♪ I'm ashamed to submit. I'll admit ♪
♪ I was acting a fool
♪ You. bring out. the best in me ♪
♪ Your love is all (indistinct) on me ♪
♪ I swear I'll give the best of me this time ♪
♪ This time (yeah). this time
(exhales deeply)
(knocking)
- [Ice] Daddy. - Hey baby girl.
Hey girl. don't worry about nothing.
They just here for Mink. - Daddy what's going on?
- Nothing's going on. call Platinum for me.
Okay?
Don't worry about nothing baby girl.
(loud thud)
(loud scream)
- [Ice] Stop. (shouting)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
(gunshot)
- [Kenya] So I really don't know why they
make me take these classes cause they just really elective
and it's like the stupidest shit.
- Yeah?
Well I'm pretty sure there's a good reason.
- Hey bestie. Girl. what's wrong with you?
- My mother's in the hospital again.
They're saying this time she's not gonna make it.
She's asking for me.
- Okay. you...
You gotta go to her.
- I know.
Can you come with me?
Best friend. I can't. I'm studying.
- All right. I guess I'll just catch the bus.
- Girl stop. Malcolm will drive you.
- No I won't.
- Uh. yes you will.
Call me when you get there. Let me know. I'm here with you.
- [Jewel] Thank you. - [Kenya] It's okay.
- All right baby. - [Kenya] Thank you.
Take care of her. - [Malcolm] I got you.
- Ice. Ice... (shouting)
Baby.
Dammit Ice baby. I was wrong baby.
They got Mink this morning.
We gotta leave baby. now.
Fuck...
Damn Fan.
Shit...
Fuck...
Ice...
Ice. (shouting)
- [The Word] She not here.
- [Platinum] Where is my wife?
- She somewhere safe.
Now before you overreact and get yourself killed.
you can get her back.
- How much?
- Half a mil. 24 hours.
- Come on man. you know Ice ain't have
shit to do with this.
- Man. Ice raised you.
and Fan raised Ice.
So if I don't get my money at about. one o'clock tomorrow
afternoon. your wife gonna die a very violent death.
And then I'm coming for you. and every bitch you own.
- [Platinum] You'll never lay a finger on my wife.
- This your chair.
- [Platinum] Fuck.
- [Voice Over Loudspeaker] All nurses to the
nurse's station.
- You're here?
- You said our mother was dying so I came.
- It's good to see you.
- This is gonna be me isn't it?
- It ain't gotta be if you don't let it.
(continuous beep)
(crying)
- [Voice Over Loudspeaker] Code Blue. room three. O. five.
- Who did this to you?
(inaudible whispering)
(traffic in background)
- Word word...
- Where she at?
- So Real got her in the kitchen.
- Ah shit. you should roll up something man.
- I got you. - [The Word] Help y'all relax.
- I got you.
- [The Word] How you feeling Ice?
You like all this?
I know you only gonna be here for a short amount of time.
I just wanted to make sure that time is comfortable.
Look. you got a nice kitchen.
no knives and forks though. sorry.
You got a nice soft bed.
with an amazing view. and a nice big LED TV.
Everything you need.
- Comfortable?
Comfortable? You think I'm supposed
to be fucking comfortable here?
I'm about to die.
in 24 hours. and that nigga is about to kill me.
And you want me fucking to be comfortable here?
I will never be fucking comfortable here. (shouting)
- So Real...
Look. you're afraid aren't you?
Cause you know. no matter how much money your pimp.
I mean your husband come up with. you gonna die right?
Well. you're right about that Ice.
So look. So Real is about to go get you
a fresh change of clothes and some fresh linens.
I want you to relax. take a shower.
And the shower is not a request. it's a command.
I want you looking good for your last day on earth Ice.
Enjoy the room.
- You think I'm gonna be the only one that dies tomorrow?
You have no.
idea.
how dangerous Platinum is.
You think you're getting over on him?
You're not.
You think he's gonna take the money here.
you're gonna kill us both?
You're not.
Platinum has till 1:00 PM tomorrow.
You think you gonna be alive at 1:01?
You're not.
- Get her ass Silk.
Look at her. you see her little fine ass walking over here?
- [Silk] Girl she's fixing... Hey. hey.
Come here. - [Clydsdale] What you doing?
- [Clydesdale] Come here.
- Me? - [Silk] Let me holla at you.
- Mm hmm. look at her fine ass walking over here.
- [Silk] What you doing? - [Jewel] Hi.
- [Jewel] I was actually looking for some drugs.
Y'all got some?
- Yeah. I can take care of you. come on.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- So you just gonna stand there and watch me?
You know what? I took a shower last night.
I'm good.
I'm clean.
I'm goo...
- The Word want's you to shower.
- And what if I refuse?
- He won't be happy.
(slow melodic music)
♪ (indistinct) beat
♪ You ain't scarying nothing man (hm) ♪
♪ You ain't scarying nothing (mm hmm) ♪
♪ I got that hammer not that gun bitch I'm the bullet ♪
♪ He talking pistol but he too pussy to pull it ♪
♪ He talking (indistinct) but he got a shooter ♪
♪ He got a shooter
- Baby girl I need to talk to you.
- Platinum. what's going on?
The streets are talking and they say The Word got Ice and he
gon' kill Mink.
- Look take the money. diamonds. pack away as much
as possible and get the fuck out of town.
- So it's true?
- Yeah. listen. The Word want me to bring
him $500K by tomorrow or else Ice is gon' die.
- How much we got?
- Not enough... - [Jewel] Yo.
So. where the drugs at?
You promised me drugs.
- Who the fuck is that?
- Oh. what up? I'm Jewel.
- She not made on the track.
Poor thing was out there trying to
make her some money to buy some drugs.
Jewel. This is our pimp Platinum.
- What up playa?
- I figured she could be a new diamond.
- Silk. you know I ain't got time for this right now.
Plus. you know I don't mess with drug addicts anyway.
- Aight...
I don't think nothing bout it.
- Whatever you do. don't you take your ass down
there fucking with Big Fish man.
- Big fish who the fuck is that?
- White dude man. love his hookers.
And he got a whole lot of money.
- Well that sound like exactly who I need to be going after.
- Oh no man. leave that motherfucker alone man.
The last pimp. caught himself trying to get after Big Fish.
Sent two of the baddest bitches in the city after him.
Big Fish pulled up in that bad ass Benz.
So the pimp caught himself sicking the bitches on him.
One of the bitches. she in ICU right now as we speak.
And the other bitch. we ain't heard from her since.
- Well what happened to the pimp?
- The pimp in the barber shop. cutting hair...
- Like I said. you get the fuck outta town.
And you. come with me.
Make sure you tell the diamonds what I said.
(engine roars)
(tires squealing)
Man where can I find the Big Fish?
- Man. you don't wanna do that Platinum.
- Motherfucker where can I find the Big Fish?
- You looking for Big Fish?
You gotta be a part of the track.
He's sitting over there at monster trees.
See a lot of people ignore it because they.
it's not a part of the track.
So if you wanna find Big Fish.
Go over there by those trees.
that's where his ass gonna be at. man.
(funky music)
- Go home Ike...
- Platinum are you listening man?
There's something about Big Fish you don't know man.
I'm trying to tell you about him.
He a part of a very. very powerful family man.
I'm talking about all.
the NRA.
gas.
politicians.
This boy's connected.
I'm talking about. with everybody man.
Man. if you don't make this hit clean.
they gonna come back looking for your black ass man.
And then you gonna be six feet deep man.
- Go home Ike. I got it from here.
- All right man. you gonna learn man.
Better leave him alone. man.
- This here has to be the most.
best job in the world. and most fucked up job in the world.
Do me a favor. can you chill with this whole I don't talk.
Mr Mysterious?
Cause it's bull shit.
You watched me in the shower naked. okay?
Least you could do is like fucking. talk.
Converse. say a word. anything?
All right. what's your name?
Well. I heard The Word say that
your name was So Real. right?
Is that your name. So Real?
Okay. well my name is Ice.
So...
Can you like turn your head
or like get the fuck out?
So I can have like a moment of privacy. please.
- I can't let you out of my sight.
There's nothing you gonna do that I won't have eyes on.
- So Real. uh. you done this before?
- [So Real] Time or two.
- Right...
Women?
- Whoever The Word want looked after.
I'm the one that looks after them.
- So what's the play?
You want me to help you catch the Big Fish. don't you?
He's got a lot of money.
but he's dangerous.
I'll do it.
but...
I need my cut.
And I need my people.
- So does everybody know the plan?
- [Kenya] We pretend to be hookers
and pick up a white man in a black Benz.
- Yeah. now the rumor is that
there's a safe in the house.
Now every time he opens a safe to pay the hookers.
he leave it open.
One of y'all distract him while the others rob him blind.
Can y'all handle that?
- No... - [Jewel] We can handle it.
- [Kenya] What about sex? Are we doing anything?
- I don't think we have a choice.
- [Platinum] You don't.
- Okay so. when we see him for the first time.
are we just walking up to him or what?
- [Platinum] Yeah. don't approach him.
Let him approach you.
- So when do we start?
- Now.
(funky music)
(inaudible babbling)
- Where you ladies going?
- Wherever we wanna go cop.
- [Lenny] I'm no cop.
Just a guy that's willing to spend a lot of
money to have a good time.
- Well then you're in luck.
- [Lenny] Why is that?
- Cause tonight is buy one. get one free.
(laughter)
- Oh. I like your space.
- [Lenny] This is it. - [Jewel] Very nice.
- [Kenya] It is.
Let's get you up out of this.
- Take it off. - Yes. please.
- [Jewel] Okay.
- Wait a minute. wait a minute.
We need some drinks.
- [Both] Okay.
- [Jewel] Long drink for me.
Come on I'm thirsty. [Kenya] Me too.
(giggling)
- [Kenya] Oh.
- [Both] Thank you.
- [Lenny] To a night we will never forget.
- [Both] Yes. (glasses clanking)
- Lenny... Before we do what we need to do.
we're gonna need that money.
- Yeah. it's no problem.
Yeah. sure. (dark foreboding chords)
(sequence of beeps)
- Hey. thank you - [Kenya] Okay.
- [Jewel] Okay. Yes - [Kenya] Okay.
- [Kenya] Thank you. - [Jewel] Make it rain.
- [Jewel] Ooh. yes.
Ey.
- That's what I like.
- [Jewel] Woo woo woo. (Lenny laughing)
- Wanna go upstairs pumpkin? - [Lenny] Yeah.
- [Jewel] Okay.
I like this Oreo.
- [Kenya] I know. ice cream sandwich.
(laughter)
- [Jewel] I love some cream in my coffee.
Oh Lenny.
you sexual dynamo.
I'm burning hot.
Do you mind if I get a cold beverage from the fridge?
- [Lenny] Yeah. yeah. that's no problem.
- [Kenya] My friend. get me one too.
- [Jewel] Okay.
- [Kenya] Okay Lenny.
(suspenseful chords)
Lemme catch my breath.
Okay. you like it rough huh? Okay...
Wait a minute. Lenny.
- [Lenny] Put your arms down. stay there.
- [Kenya] Fuck... What is you...
What is you doing? (screaming)
Man what is you doing? Jewel. (screaming)
Jewel. Jewel. Jewel (screaming)
- [Lenny] Stay right there.
Don't try me.
- [Kenya] Lemme go - [Lenny] Stay right there.
Stay right there.
- [Kenya] No... What the fuck.
Lenny lemme go!
- [Lenny] Okay stop. stop. stop...
Stop...
- I'm not moving...
(loud shriek)
- [Lenny] Hey. hey. only you can make it stop.
You gotta say you like it.
You gotta say it. (panicked scream)
- Jewel. (crying)
- [Jewel] What is this?
Oh that's nice.
that's pretty.
I need all of that.
- [Kenya] Lenny it hurts. (crying)
- [Lenny] Only you can make it stop. only you.
(crying intensifies)
- [Kenya] Jewel. (screaming)
- Get over here.
- [Kenya] No. - Get over here.
Let's get downstairs.
- What the fuck are you doing Rico?
This is stupid. you being real stupid right now.
I mean no amount of money worth this shit.
(suspenseful chords build)
- [Lenny] How'd you get in my safe?
Put that gun down. put it down.
Put that down. I'm calling the police.
- And then what?
You see the problem here Lenny.
is you brought a mouth to a gunfight.
(multiple gunshots)
(loud thud)
- Come on bestie. let's get this money.
On that side over there.
Get your bag.
- Ah. we did it. look.
- [Rico] Did you (indistinct)?
- [Jewel] Yo. we got money. we got jewels.
look at all this shit.
- [Rico] How much is it?
- [Jewel] Girl. I don't fucking know.
we gon' count it when we get to the house.
Let's go Rico. let's go dude.
Yeah. we gotta go.
- [Rico] Oh shit. - Go. go. go. go...
(coughs)
(suspenseful chords)
- Hey Mike...
It's Lenny.
(coughs)
I'm gonna need some help.
- Is this all of it?
- There's over half a million in there.
- Who the fuck told you to count it?
- What can I say? We were curious.
It's all there though. now where's our cut?
- Back seat. $100K a piece.
And all the dope you can handle.
(joyful cheer)
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Be safe out there Jewel.
- It's been a pleasure Platinum.
(fast paced funky music)
(car horn)
(whistle)
- You remember me?
- Hell yeah. I remember you.
You the God damn youngster that pimp all the
bitches and get all the money.
(laughs)
Yeah. you wanna be like me.
Let me get a dollar nigga. lemme hold a dollar...
(visceral rupture)
(coughing)
(rupture intensifies)
- Punk bitch motherfucker.
Punk bitch motherfucker.
Punk bitch motherfucker. I'll bet ya next time
you'll think before you steal a nigga shit.
- The safe's open.
- Who did this to you?
- [Lenny] A couple whores.
- The safe's empty.
They set him up.
- Of course they set him up.
What's the name of the pimp?
- [Lenny] No pimp.
just some whores.
- Lenny. you're family. and I love you.
But you've always been somewhat of an idiot.
A couple of whores. didn't decide to come in here
and rob you and shoot you.
If they're hookers. they got a pimp.
and the pimp told them exactly what to do tonight.
Come on. give me the pimp's name.
(coughing)
- Now what?
- See these streets out here. they're filled with animals.
These animals only care about one thing.
- Money.
- Show 'em enough money.
they'll tell us what we need to know.
- What y'all looking for?
Aw. come on man.
I'm not even supposed to be out here tonight.
(funky music)
- Platinum. this is Uncle Mike.
- [Platinum] Who? Do I know you?
- Last night. no.
But tonight my existence means everything to you.
- [Platinum] What you mean?
- Earlier. you had a couple of your hookers trick my idiot
nephew into a rendezvous at one of our homes.
They stole his money and they killed him.
I could care less about the money or the idiot nephew.
But you stole something else that belongs to us.
You stole some jewels that have
been in our family for centuries.
- [Platinum] I don't know what you talkin' bout man.
I ain't got nothing.
- Well then both of us got bigger problems than we expected.
- [Platinum] What you mean?
- I have in my possession a young lady named Silk.
Meet us at the house where you killed my nephew.
We don't mean to do her any harm.
but you have something that belongs to us.
- [Platinum] Aight...
- And we want it back.
- [Platinum] Fuck.
- So you're just gonna back up into the corner?
You not even gonna turn around?
You just gonna watch me the whole entire time?
- Caesar got stabbed in the back by Brutus. not the chest.
- So you think I'm just some snake bitch
that's gonna stab you in your back.
- I don't know what type of bitch you are.
I'm just saying if Caesar would've kept his eyes on his
enemies.
it wouldn't have been so easy for Brutus to kill him.
- Yeah. cause Brutus would've had to
stare his friend in the motherfucking eyes.
- Exactly.
- So why'd they call you So Real?
- It's cause I'm loyal. and when I'm loyal.
there's nothing to change that.
- [Ice] Hmm.
You know The Word's gonna have you
kill me before the time is up?
(funky music)
- Look. I don't have the jewels.
But if I don't have 'em. I know who does.
I can get 'em back for you.
But I'm gonna need my life to do it.
- Okay. you got one hour.
We're gonna be following you the whole time.
- What about her?
She has nothing to do with this.
(funky music kicks back in)
- Did you see the look in his eyes?
- Yeah. I saw it.
- They double crossed him
just like they double crossed Lenny.
Where are you think they going now?
- To get our jewels.
(excited shrieks)
- Congratulations. you fucking did it.
(joyous screams)
- [Rico] That's my cue. - [Jewel] What?
- [Rico] You know I don't get high no more.
- Come on. come on. come on Rico.
I'm gonna need you to stop being a lame.
You know you wanna hit this shit.
Come on look.
(tapping on table)
Come on. come on.
- [Rico] You know what?
Fuck it. we celebrating. - [Jewel] Yeah. come on.
I got a line for you baby. I got a line for you.
Oh shit. oh. - [Rico] That's some good shit
- [Jewel] Where Kenya?
- [Rico] I don't know. I need to use the bathroom.
- All right.
- Jewel. get in here.
- Rico... - [Rico] Jewel. get in here.
- What the fuck?
- Go get some cold water.
She's not thirsty. she's OD'n.
- Go get some cold water please. and hurry up.
(fast paced funky music)
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Is that water cold?
- Yes. it's about as cold as it's gonna get.
- Grab Kenya. hold her tight.
We have to make sure she doesn't go into shock.
(music intensifies)
I watched one of my friends in a frat party do this once.
- [Jewel] Whatever you're gonna do. just hurry the fuck up.
- Can you stop stressing me please?
I'm trying to remember this shit.
Plus I'm high. I don't think
it'll help the fact I was high. maybe drunk.
- [Jewel] Whatever you doing.
will you just hurry the fuck up?
- [Rico] Can you stop stressing me?
- Will you just fucking...
(sudden shriek)
That shit worked.
- Bestie...
- See this why I don't do drugs right there.
That bull shit. I'm out.
- Bestie are you okay?
It's gonna be okay.
(electric guitar)
- I need you to take me to the airport.
I need you to take me to the airport.
- Why?
- Platinum got some shit going on.
I need you to take me to the airport.
- No you don't.
- [Silk] Bitch you ain't just hear what I just said?
I gotta go.
- And do you hear what I'm trying to tell you?
I'll protect you.
- You really think you a pimp huh?
- Look at me... - No.
- Bitch. do you understand who you fucking with right now?
Look at me bitch.
Now grab your shit and take that motherfucking shit
back up to the hotel room. - [Silk] But...
Don't come out unless I tell you otherwise.
You understand me bitch?
- But what about Platinum?
- Fuck that nigga Platinum.
You my bitch now.
Now get.
You (indistinct) off my coat.
(fast paced funky music)
- [Platinum] You bitches lucky I ain't got time
to fuck around today.
- [So Real] You wanted me?
- [The Word] Yeah. run the bath water man.
- Now? They still got a couple hours left.
- I know. you think that motherfucker
gonna bring me back a half a million dollars?
I don't give a damn how much time I gave him.
Yeah... - [Platinum] I'm on my way.
She better be in perfect condition when I... (call cuts)
- Was that him?
- [The Word] Does it matter?
- Hell yeah. it matters.
It's the difference between me
killing a woman and. and letting her live.
- You really thought she was gonna live?
That motherfucker killed Sponge.
and that girl was like a son to me.
So I don't give a damn if he bring back a
Brinks truck with him.
Him and her are dying today.
(funky music)
He wants you to take a. a bath...
- [Ice] A bath? Come on.
- Just run the water.
please.
- [Ice] Come on.
Man you not like that nigga.
- Just run the - [Ice] You got honor.
fucking water Ice... - [Ice] a code...(crying)
- [Ice] Thank you.
(knocking)
- Ice. baby. - Hold on man.
- Ice. Where's my wife man?
- [The Word] What the fuck going on
out here man? - Where the fuck is my wife?
- [The Word] Man pat that fool down.
You got my money?
- Yeah. I had to get it how I can get it.
but it's up to you to protect it.
Now where's my wife?
- [The Word] Well it all better be here then God dammit.
- He not a real man like you.
He not like you.
You don't really wanna kill me.
(gunshot)
(fast paced funky music)
Ice. Ice. Ice. (screaming)
Ice...
(flesh getting pierced)
(choking gargles)
(slow suspenseful music)
(heart wrenching wail)
(warning beeps)
(crying continues)
- I was coming to get you baby.
I was coming...
I was trying to get to you
(louder sobbing)
Don't leave me...
How could you do this to me?
(eerie suspenseful chords)
(gunshots)
(multiple gunshots)
(chords intensify)
- Shit man.
(click)
(deep exhale)
(audible breathing)
- Money's in the bag.
- Get the bag.
- [Platinum] They was holding my wife for ransom.
I brought 'em the money.
- They killed her anyway?
The fucking dog's got no honor.
- [Platinum] Your jewels is in there too.
We good?
- What happened to the whores. did you kill 'em?
- You don't have to worry about seeing them again.
- Good. let's go.
- What about him?
- He's lost enough.
(melodic beeps)
- It's play time fellas.
Platinum's home.
(click)
Platinum's home...
(music intensifies)
- Damn...
(running water in background)
(heavy brass tones)
(music distorting)
(click)
(empty click)
(thud)
(splash)
(thuds)
(grunting)
(strained grunts)
(splash)
(heavy breathing)
(choking gargle)
- Action.
- [Platinum] You scared?
- [Female] A little bit.
- [Platinum] Don't be. most of these tricks.
They just want some sex. a little head.
Anything other than that. you make them pay what they weigh.
When you get out here. I want you to walk like
what's between your legs is made of gold.
Like it's the sweetest thing that God ever created.
You understand me?
Not that old Annie Oakley ass walk you had when I met you.
You got me?
- [Female] Yes daddy.
- Who you love?
- You daddy.
- [Platinum] That's right. now get out here
and make me some money then.
Y'all go and make my money... Mink?
You all right?
- Yeah why wouldn't I be? - Huh?
- Yes. okay. - Cause you just ain't
been yourself lately.
Just been over eating. oversleeping.
Hell. you just. done lost your fire.
- Nigga... I'm fucking tired.
I am tired of this shit. I'm tired of these streets.
I'm tired of these fucking Johns. nigga I'm tired of you.
But this is what I signed up for. right?
Fuck you.
- Who the fuck you talking to bitch?
What's my motherfucking name? (choked gasp)
What's my motherfucking name?
Bitch. you don't fucking play with me.
Huh? I'll fucking kill you bitch.
- Platinum.
- Now get out there and make my motherfucking money.
Stop playing with me. I ain't there one of these tricks.
One of these motherfucking Johns.
Bitch I'm a pimp.
You don't fucking play with me.
Hoe I said go make my motherfucking money.
I thought I told you bitches to stop standing around.
Get out there and make my motherfucking money.
Fuck around and have to kill this bitch.
- Mink. you pregnant.
You think that's a good idea?
- Is any of this shit a good fucking idea?
(hip hop music)
♪ Everything platinum
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Everything platinum. super fresh ♪
♪ Drop and choose. drippin' soft ♪
♪ Straight ooze on you hoe's and fools ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss. I can't lose ♪
♪ Everything's platinum. everything's platinum ♪
♪ Everything's platinum. super fresh ♪
♪ Drop and choose. drippin' soft ♪
♪ Straight ooze on you hoe's and fools ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss. I can't lose ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss. I can't lose (yeah) ♪
♪ Everything's platinum. everything's platinum ♪
♪ Everything's platinum.
♪ Everything's platinum. super fresh ♪
♪ Drop and choose. drippin' soft ♪
♪ Straight ooze on you hoe's and fools ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss. I can't lose ♪
♪ Everything's platinum. everything's platinum ♪
♪ Everything's platinum
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ Everything's platinum. super fresh ♪
♪ Drop and choose. drippin' soft ♪
♪ Straight ooze on you hoe's and fools ♪
♪ Paid the cost to be the boss. I can't lose ♪